[quirky string music]
[footsteps]
[squeak]
Hmm
[floorboard squeaks]
When you're completing
a property inspection,
the paperwork can be
a monumental task.
[pen clicks]
[lights hum]
Before you know it, your
pile of sticky notes and
spreadsheets becomes missed
critical inspection criteria.
[water drips]
Not to mention the time lost
to formatting and data entry.
There's gotta be a better way.
I agree.
[upbeat electronic music]
Meet Velocity Properties
Inspection Tool.
The single platform
for inspection needs.
Record site conditions
with images and videos.
Reference stored site plans
during inspections and
markup documents as needed.
Integrate Velocity Properties
Inspection Tool directly into
your existing work order system.
Scale your inspections to
cover a unit, property,
or entire portfolio.
And tons more features!
Once your inspection is
complete, share professionally
designed reports that fit the
needs of your organization.
With Velocity Properties
Inspection Tool, there's no
stopping what you can achieve.
Onto the next
Get started at
inspections.velocity.properties
[music fades]